Sen. Kamala Harris Mouths Off On Senate Floor Gets Wrecked By FBI Director Christopher Wray
Thank You director ray I want to thank
you and the men and women of your agency
for the work you do every day I think
I'm the only member of this committee
who is also a member of Senate Judiciary
Committee and I'd like to talk with you
about the the Cavanaugh hearings so I
wanted I just want to be clear about how
the system works when the FBI was given
the direction to do the background
investigation as it related to dr.
Ford's allegations
that's an instruction that goes to the
FBI from the White House is that correct
not from the Senate that's correct
and when the FBI was directed than to do
that that investigation as it relates to
those specific allegations was the FBI
given full discretion or was the scope
of the investigation limited by the
direction you received from the White
House well senator I want to be a little
bit careful what I can can talk about in
this setting I'm not asking you for the
content of the Investing understood
understood there are MO use and other
things that go back aways the govern
this but I think it's important I would
say this it's important to understand
that the unlike most investigations like
the sort that you and I and Senator
Jones have all been familiar with
traditional Criminal Investigations
National Security Investigations a
background investigation is very
different and that is done our only
Authority is as requested by the
adjudicating the White House in this
case is the White House and I have a lot
to cover and so if we can be as succinct
as possible I appreciate it and I know
there was there a lot of details and I
appreciate your point so in this
situation was your direction limited in
scope or were you given full direct
discretion to investigate whatever your
agency thought was appropriate to figure
out what happened I think I would say
that our investigation here are
supplemental update to the pre
his background investigation was limited
in scope and that that is consistent
with the standard process for such
investigations going back quite a long
ways and was did you receive this
directive in writing there's been lots
of communication between as is standard
between the FBI's Security Division and
the White House's office and I would
expect that there would be written
communications but I can't speak to that
here can you find the direction and
provide it to this committee the
documents I would have to see what would
be appropriate okay and who from the
White House communicated the directive
was I said the communication between the
FBI and the White House for nominations
including judicial nominations is
through the FBI's Security Division
which has background investigation
specialists and the White House Office
of security and that's where the
communication always is and I've spoken
with our background investigation
specialists and they have assured me
that this was handled in the way that is
consistent with their experience and the
standard process did they did anyone in
your agency receive any direction about
the scope of the investigation directly
from Don again well I can't speak to
what anybody throughout the organization
might have received instructions on my
understanding is that the communications
occurred between the White House's
Office of Security and the FBI Security
Division do you know who determined that
the FBI would not interview judge
Cavanaugh or dr. Ford or the list of
40-plus witnesses again I would say what
I said at the beginning which is as is
standard the investigation was very
specific in scope limited in scope and
that that is the usual process and that
my folks have assured me that the usual
process was followed and did the FBI
look into allegations as to whether
Judge Cavanaugh lied to Congress during
his testimony that's not something I
could discuss here thank you thank you
god bless you and God bless america